# `augment-atoms`


`augment-atoms` is a tool for augmenting datasets of atomic configurations via a model-driven, GPU-accelerated, rattle-relax-repeat procedure.

For each structure in the starting dataset, `augment-atoms` uses the provided potential energy surface (PES) model to generate a "family tree" of new structures. 
In the beginning, the tree consists of the single starting structure. 
To generate a new "child" structure, `augment-atoms`:
1. selects a "parent" structure from the tree,
2. rattles the atomic positions and unit cell,
3. relaxes using the PES model to get a new structure,
4. labels the child structure with the PES model, and
5. inserts the child structure into the tree.

For precise details of each of these steps, see the [Details](#details) section below.


## Installation

```bash
pip install augment-atoms
```

## Usage

```bash
augment-atoms config.yaml
```

where `config.yaml` is a YAML file containing the following:

```yaml
data:
  # an ase-readable file containing the starting structures
  input: input.xyz 

  # an ase-writeable path to append the new structures to
  output: output.xyz

config:
  # number of augmentations per starting structure
  n_per_structure: 10
  
  # the temperature
  T: 300  # units are Kelvin

  # the explore-vs-exploit trade-off (see below)
  beta: 0.5

  # the range of values from which to sample a 
  # standard deviation to rattle with at each step
  sigma_range: [0.01, 0.1]  # units are Å

  # the random seed to use (for reproducibility)
  seed: 42

  # the standard deviation of the cell perturbation
  # if null, no cell perturbation is applied
  cell_sigma: null  # units are Å
  
  # the units of the energies generated by the PES model
  units: eV

  # the maximum force magnitude to relax to
  max_force: 30  # units are (energy / Å)

  # the minimum separation between atoms to consider
  min_separation: 0.5  # units are Å

  # the maximum number of relaxations to perform per iteration
  max_relax_steps: 20

model:
  # the calculator to use to generate the PES model
  calculator: +lennard_jones()
```

In-built options for the `calculator` are:

- a Lennard-Jones calculator:
```yaml
model:
  calculator: +lennard_jones()
```
- any model from the [graph-pes](https://github.com/jla-gardner/graph-pes) package. If a GPU is available, it will be used to accelerate the PES model.
```yaml
model:
  calculator:
    +graph_pes_calculator:
      path: path/to/model.pt
```

Alternatively, you are free to point to any instance of an [ase.Calculator](https://wiki.fysik.dtu.dk/ase/ase/calculators/calculator.html) object.
If you have `my_function` in `my_file.py` that returns an `ase.Calculator` object, you can use it as follows:
```yaml
model:
  calculator: +my_file.my_function()
```

## Details

### 1. Selecting a parent structure

To choose a new parent structure, we randomly sample from all structures in the tree, such that atom $i$ in structure $i$ has a probability of being picked given by

$$\mathbb{P}_i = \beta \cdot \frac{e^{-E_i / kT}}{\sum_j e^{-E_j / kT}} + (1-\beta) \cdot \frac{G_i}{\sum_j G_j}$$

where $E_i$ is the energy of structure $i$ and $G_i \in \mathbb{Z}^+$ is the `generation' of the structure, $k$ is the Boltzmann constant, $T$ is the temperature and $\beta \in [0, 1]$.
Small values of $\beta$ favour the sampling of "younger" structures in the family tree, and hence a greater degree of exploration.
Large values of $\beta$ favour the sampling of lower energy structures, and hence a denser sampling of the PES around energy minima.

### 2. Rattling the atomic positions and unit cell

To create a "child" from this parent structure, we perform the following transformation:

$$\begin{aligned}
R^\prime &\leftarrow [(A + I) \times R] + B \\
C^\prime &\leftarrow (A + I) \times C_0
\end{aligned}$$

where 
- $R$ are the atomic positions
- $C_0$ is the unit cell of the original seed structure
- $A \in \mathbb{R}^{3\times 3}$ has entries sampled from $\mathcal{N}(0, \sigma_{A})$ where $\sigma_{A} \in \rm{sigma \\_ range}$
- $B \in \mathbb{R}^{N \times 3}$ has entries sampled from $\mathcal{N}(0, \sigma_{B})$ where $\sigma_{B} \in [0, \rm{cell \\_ sigma}]$

In the case of isolated structures, we only rattle the positions (i.e. $A = 0^{3 \times 3}$).

### 3. Relaxing the rattled child structure

To relax the rattled child structure, we use energies and forces generated by the PES model using a scheme inspired by the [Robbins--Monro algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stochastic_approximation).

Step $x$ of this relaxation involves updating the atomic positions according to:

$$R^\prime \leftarrow R + \frac{\sigma_B}{x} \cdot \frac{F}{||F||}$$

where $F/||F||$ are the normalised unit vectors corresponding to the direction of each atomic force.
We perform up to $M$ relaxations steps, but stop early with probability $\min(0.25, e^{-\Delta E / kT})$ providing the maximum force magnitude is less than `config.max_force` and where $\Delta E$ is the energy difference between the relaxed child and its starting parent structure.
We reject all final structures that have any pair of atoms closer than `config.min_separation` Å.
