.. eyes17 documentation master file

EYES17 User Manual
******************

Introduction
============

Science is the study of the physical world by systematic observations
and experiments. Proper science education is essential for cultivating a
society where reasoning and logical thinking prevails and not
superstition and irrational beliefs. Science education is also essential
for training enough technicians, engineers and scientists for the
economy of the modern world. It is widely accepted that personal
experience in the form of experiments and observations, either carried
out by students or performed as demonstrations by teachers, are
essential to the pedagogy of science. However, almost everywhere science
is mostly taught from the text books without giving importance to
experiments, partly due to lack of equipment. As a result, most of the
students fail to correlate their classroom experience to problems
encountered in daily life. To some extent this can be corrected by
learning science based on exploration and experimenting.

The advent of personal computers and their easy availability has opened
up a new path for making laboratory equipment. Addition of some hardware
to an ordinary computer can convert it in to a science laboratory.
Performing quick measurements with good accuracy enables one to study a
wide range of phenomena. Science experiments generally involve
measuring/controlling physical parameters like temperature, pressure,
velocity, acceleration, force, voltage, current etc. If the measured
physical property is changing rapidly, the measurements need to be
automated and a computer becomes a useful tool. For example,
understanding the variation of AC mains voltage with time requires
measuring it after every millisecond.

The ability to perform experiments with reasonable accuracy also opens
up the possibility of research oriented science education. Students can
compare the experimental data with mathematical models and examine the
fundamental laws governing various phenomena. Research scientists do the
same with highly sophisticated equipment. The expEYES (expEriments for
Young Engineers & Scientists) kit is designed to support a wide range of
experiments, from school to post graduate level. It also acts as a test
equipment for electronics engineers and hobbyists. The simple and open
architecture of expEYES allows the users to *develop new experiments,
without getting into the details of electronics or computer
programming*. This User’s manual describes *expEYES-17* along with
several experiments, there is also a Programmer’s manual available.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   1.2
   1.3
   1.4
   1.5
	 
School Level Experiments
========================

This chapter will discuss the experiments and demonstrations without
much data analysis, experiments given in the menu SchoolExpts. Simple
tasks like measuring voltage, resistance, capacitance etc. will be done
followed by resistances changing with temperature or light. The concept
of Alternating Current is introduced by plotting the voltage as a
function of time. Generating and digitizing sound will be covered. When
an experiment is selected, the corresponding help window will popup, if
enabled.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   2.1
   2.2
   2.3
   2.4
   2.5
   2.6
   2.7
   2.8
   2.9
   2.10
   2.11
   2.12
   2.13
   2.14
   2.15
   2.16
   2.17
   2.18
   2.19
   2.20
   2.21

Electronics
===========

This chapter explains several electronics experiments. Most of them are
done using the oscilloscope GUI. Some of them like Diode and Transistor
characteristics have a dedicated GUI.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   3.1
   3.2
   3.3
   3.4
   3.5
   3.6
   3.7
   3.8
   3.9
   3.10
   3.11
   3.12
   3.13
   3.14
   3.15

Electricity and Magnetism
=========================

This section mainly contains experiments on the steady state and
transient response of LCR circuit elements. the experimental results
with the theory. It also gives an experiment of electromagnetic
induction.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   4.1
   4.2
   4.3
   4.4
   4.5
   4.4
   4.6
   4.7
   4.8

Sound
=====

Pressure variations, about an equilibrium pressure, transmitted through
a medium is called sound. They are longitudinal waves. Moving a sheet of
paper back and forth in air can generate these kind of pressure waves,
like the paper cone of a loudspeaker. When the frequency is within 20 to
20000Hz range, we can hear the sound. In this chapter, we will generate
sound from electrical signals, detect them using the built-in microphone
(a pressure sensor) and study the properties like amplitude and
frequency. Velocity of sound is measured by observing the phase shift of
digitized sound with distance.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   5.1
   5.2
   5.3

Mechanics
=========

Resonance phenomena is studied using a driven pendulum. Value of
acceleration due to gravity is measured using a pendulum.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   6.1
   6.2
   6.3
   6.4
   6.5

Other experiments
=================
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   7.1
   7.2
   7.3

I2C Modules
===========
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   8.1
   8.2
   8.3
   8.4



Coding expEYES-17 in Python
=========================== 


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   9.0
 
